addin ISP camera support and the specific flag -i for the demo (#8)
phytec/demo-celebrity-face-match: README.md

Second a PHYTEC VM-016 camera needs to be connected to the phyBOARD-Pollux
MIPI-CSI2 CSI1 connector. Now the demo can be started with:
```

> python3 aidemo.py --camera vm016 --screen hdmi --isp True --fullscreen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python3 aidemo.py --camera vm016 --screen hdmi --isp --fullscreen
```

Reviewer 2: @MPodolszki This is still unresolved.

```

set isp to True if you have connected your camera via the integrated ISP in the 8mplus

> set isp to False if you use the ISI

Reviewer 2: Update the documentation according to the suggested changes:
```suggestion
Set `--isp` if you have connected your camera via the integrated ISP on the i.MX 8M Plus.
Do not set `--isp` if you are using the ISI.
```

> This setting must fit your devicetree overlay settings (/boot/bootenv)

Reviewer: I think the `--isp` option is kind of self explanatory and also this option has a help text. So I would drop this remark about the `--isp` option.
Regarding the overlays, maybe add a general note about the overlays having to match the the settings that are used here.
